README.md, before:

# Life is Study

This is the coursework for a future school I will be creating. Think Hogwarts, old-fashioned brick buildings with wooden desks, but packed with the most modern courses to teach your children the skills to succeed right out of school.

The foundation is teaching your child the Trivium:

- Grammar
- Rhetoric
- Logic

Then the Quadrivium:

- Arithmetic
- Geometry
- Music
- Astronomy

Building on top of that, your child will learn how to:

- Balance a bank account (Financial lteracy)
- Build and program computers
- Physical education
  - Martial arts (BJJ, TaiChi, Karate)
  - Weight lifting
  - Sports
- Nutrition - Cooking, Supplementation
- Business - Prototyping, Product Development, Process, Marketing, Payment, Distribution, etc.

The school will have many elective skill classes, including:

- Flying drones (Competition and/or Business Certification)
- Mindset
- Drafting houses
- Bible study / Seminary

## The Skill Tree

Everything your child learns will be part of a "Skill Tree." The Skill Tree is the logical relationship between skills. For example, to understand grammar you must know the alphabet, reading and writing, and understanding sentence composition.

There are no "grades." There are _skills_ that your child learns. Our responsibility is to teach your child specific skills in each grade. The progress of your child in learning these skills is transparent and easy to understand for all parties, including your children!

The Skill Tree was designed to allow a student to look ahead, or behind (to refresh skills), to finish skills early. Each time a major skill is learned, the student will receive a pin they can place on their uniform.

## Houses

In order to organize cleaning responsibilities, extra-curricular activities, etc. students will be grouped by a "House."

TBD: House names

## Dress & Uniform

Students will be provided with 3 sets of the same uniform. A set consists of a shirt, slacks, and socks. One set of shoes, "robe" (coat), backpack, and an optional hat and scarf. The color of the shirt, socks, and scarf will depend on the House the student is a part of.

A new set of clothes will be provided every year, as necessary.

Each family is responsible for ensuring clothes are properly cleaned. Any student who has unwashed clothes may not enter the school.

There will be pay-for on-campus washer and dryers. These are designed to make your child more responsible in taking care of themselves. Grades 6-12 have the option to use these facilities. Students can share the cost by washing their clothes together. Each machine is restricted to three sets of clothes per load.

Optional dress not provided:

- Gloves

Restrictions:

- Students may apply only minimal makeup
- No perfume, cologne, etc.
- No dying of hair
- No temporary or permanent tattoos
- Simple jewelry including (only 1 at a time)
  - Small earing in both ears
  - 1 necklace
  - 1 wrist bracelet
  - 2 rings

We want to provide students a way to express themselves without it becoming a distraction to learning.

## Lunch

Lunch is provided to all students. As part of the Nutrition course, some students will be responsible for preparing and cooking meals for other students.

The menu will consist of three options:

- Salad bar
- A different hot meal option every day
- A different cold meal option every day

Hot and cold meals are seasonal and we may serve the same seven meals per week.

Students will be responsible for cleaning up after themselves after lunch. Janitorial services will be performed by grade 6-9 students, rotated by house, after lunch break to clean floors, throw away refuse, and wash dishes.

Highschool students may not go off campus for lunch but will have several areas they can relax.

## Breaks & Fun

There will be three breaks during the day.

- 10m morning after first class
- 1h lunch - The purpose for such a long lunch is to provide enough time to eat _and_ play.
- 10m afternoon before last class

## Class Schedule

Class schedules vary depending on the grade. K-5 classes are mixed adjacent grade (K - 1, 2 - 3, 4 - 5) and will share one or two teachers in the same classroom.

Middleschool 6-8, prepares students to move between classes. There are five 1h skill classes per day.

Highschool 9-12, five 1h skill classes per day. Teaching is focused on building and stacking skills.

Students are required to clean their classrooms at the end of the day. K-2 will be simple cleanup of their own desk. 3-12 will clean floors, remove refuse, and ensure all spaces are clean.

The school buildings are segragated by K-5, Middleschool, and Highschool. Each have their own play area. Break and play times are the same.

## Miscellaneous

There are no lockers. All books, computers, etc. are in the respective classroom.

Homework provided shall have all of the instructions for the student on the worksheet they take home. There is no need to bring books, computers, etc. home.

Work will be done using pencil and paper (K-8) and/or pen and paper (9-12). The purpose is to develop the appropriate motor skills for reading and writing and avoid the distraction and eye-strain caused by computers.

Some homework may require a computer. For example, computer science skill classes. Because a student's work can be easily accessed from public services (GitHub, etc.) and all software we use is either free or open source, a student may use their family computer. In cases where a student has no family computer, they may check out a computer at the end school from the office.

## Graduation

In order to graduate, a student must demonstrate:

- Mastery of a single martial art
- Mastery of a single sport
- Strength. Weight is dependent on individual. The most important metric is progress shown over time.
- Creating and selling a product or service. This can be done as a team or as an individual.

Once your child graduates our K-12 program, they should be immediately employable for a wide variety of jobs including:

- Software developer
- Sales
- Business owner in a variety of different fields
- Preparation for traveling to Mars. Will provide guidance, scholarship, and help find internship to students who wish to do this.
- etc.

## Opportunity Board

The Opportunity Board is where students may find available jobs that the school requires to operate.

In order to graduate, a student must demonstrate their ability to run a business. The following skills are provided to all students, of legal working age:

- Accounting - Data entry, spreadsheet, balance books
- Acquisition - Purchase tools, food, etc. used to operate the school
- Chef / Line cook / Server - Prepare student lunches
- IT - Help administrators manage inventory, HW/SF installation, networking, etc.
- Janitorial - Clean all spaces not cleaned up by students. Hallways, bathrooms, etc.
- Landscaping - Removing debris, weeding, cutting bushes, refuse cleanup, etc.
- Mowing lawns - Mowing, trimming grass edges, removing debris
- Orientation - Helping new students become acquainted with the school
- Server Maintenance - Help maintain the servers that run the school's software
- Tutor - Help students learn skills you have already learned
- Web Design & Intranet - Manage our public and private facing websites

Students will be:

- Required to learn certain skills before they can start certain jobs
- Trained on the job
- Paid accordingly for their work
- Required to sign liability forms for certain jobs - e.g. operating lawn mowers

All equipment is provided. The monies collected will be deposited directly into a student's bank account that their parents setup. These monies will be used for

- Skill classes required for financial literacy - Saving, budgeting, etc.
- Preparing taxes

Ideally, we want to see students start their own independent businesses outside of school. But it's not required. Any experience collected outside of school will count towards their graduation credits.

It is not required that a job be performed on a daily basis. However, it must be routine and consistent. At least one job twice per week taking at least 2 hours.

Commit message:

Add instrument to list of graduation requirements.

README.md, after:

# Life is Study

This is the coursework for a future school I will be creating. Think Hogwarts, old-fashioned brick buildings with wooden desks, but packed with the most modern courses to teach your children the skills to succeed right out of school.

The foundation is teaching your child the Trivium:

- Grammar
- Rhetoric
- Logic

Then the Quadrivium:

- Arithmetic
- Geometry
- Music
- Astronomy

Building on top of that, your child will learn how to:

- Balance a bank account (Financial lteracy)
- Build and program computers
- Physical education
  - Martial arts (BJJ, TaiChi, Karate)
  - Weight lifting
  - Sports
- Nutrition - Cooking, Supplementation
- Learn an instrument or sing
- Business - Prototyping, Product Development, Process, Marketing, Payment, Distribution, etc.

The school will have many elective skill classes, including:

- Flying drones (Competition and/or Business Certification)
- Mindset
- Drafting houses
- Bible study / Seminary

## The Skill Tree

Everything your child learns will be part of a "Skill Tree." The Skill Tree is the logical relationship between skills. For example, to understand grammar you must know the alphabet, reading and writing, and understanding sentence composition.

There are no "grades." There are _skills_ that your child learns. Our responsibility is to teach your child specific skills in each grade. The progress of your child in learning these skills is transparent and easy to understand for all parties, including your children!

The Skill Tree was designed to allow a student to look ahead, or behind (to refresh skills), to finish skills early. Each time a major skill is learned, the student will receive a pin they can place on their uniform.

## Houses

In order to organize cleaning responsibilities, extra-curricular activities, etc. students will be grouped by a "House."

TBD: House names

## Dress & Uniform

Students will be provided with 3 sets of the same uniform. A set consists of a shirt, slacks, and socks. One set of shoes, "robe" (coat), backpack, and an optional hat and scarf. The color of the shirt, socks, and scarf will depend on the House the student is a part of.

A new set of clothes will be provided every year, as necessary.

Each family is responsible for ensuring clothes are properly cleaned. Any student who has unwashed clothes may not enter the school.

There will be pay-for on-campus washer and dryers. These are designed to make your child more responsible in taking care of themselves. Grades 6-12 have the option to use these facilities. Students can share the cost by washing their clothes together. Each machine is restricted to three sets of clothes per load.

Optional dress not provided:

- Gloves

Restrictions:

- Students may apply only minimal makeup
- No perfume, cologne, etc.
- No dying of hair
- No temporary or permanent tattoos
- Simple jewelry including (only 1 at a time)
  - Small earing in both ears
  - 1 necklace
  - 1 wrist bracelet
  - 2 rings

We want to provide students a way to express themselves without it becoming a distraction to learning.

## Lunch

Lunch is provided to all students. As part of the Nutrition course, some students will be responsible for preparing and cooking meals for other students.

The menu will consist of three options:

- Salad bar
- A different hot meal option every day
- A different cold meal option every day

Hot and cold meals are seasonal and we may serve the same seven meals per week.

Students will be responsible for cleaning up after themselves after lunch. Janitorial services will be performed by grade 6-9 students, rotated by house, after lunch break to clean floors, throw away refuse, and wash dishes.

Highschool students may not go off campus for lunch but will have several areas they can relax.

## Breaks & Fun

There will be three breaks during the day.

- 10m morning after first class
- 1h lunch - The purpose for such a long lunch is to provide enough time to eat _and_ play.
- 10m afternoon before last class

## Class Schedule

Class schedules vary depending on the grade. K-5 classes are mixed adjacent grade (K - 1, 2 - 3, 4 - 5) and will share one or two teachers in the same classroom.

Middleschool 6-8, prepares students to move between classes. There are five 1h skill classes per day.

Highschool 9-12, five 1h skill classes per day. Teaching is focused on building and stacking skills.

Students are required to clean their classrooms at the end of the day. K-2 will be simple cleanup of their own desk. 3-12 will clean floors, remove refuse, and ensure all spaces are clean.

The school buildings are segragated by K-5, Middleschool, and Highschool. Each have their own play area. Break and play times are the same.

## Miscellaneous

There are no lockers. All books, computers, etc. are in the respective classroom.

Homework provided shall have all of the instructions for the student on the worksheet they take home. There is no need to bring books, computers, etc. home.

Work will be done using pencil and paper (K-8) and/or pen and paper (9-12). The purpose is to develop the appropriate motor skills for reading and writing and avoid the distraction and eye-strain caused by computers.

Some homework may require a computer. For example, computer science skill classes. Because a student's work can be easily accessed from public services (GitHub, etc.) and all software we use is either free or open source, a student may use their family computer. In cases where a student has no family computer, they may check out a computer at the end school from the office.

## Graduation

In order to graduate, a student must demonstrate:

- Mastery of a martial art
- Mastery of a sport
- Mastery of a musical instrument
- Strength. Weight is dependent on individual. The most important metric is progress shown over time.
- Creating and selling a product or service. This can be done as a team or as an individual.

Once your child graduates our K-12 program, they should be immediately employable for a wide variety of jobs including:

- Software developer
- Sales
- Business owner in a variety of different fields
- Preparation for traveling to Mars. Will provide guidance, scholarship, and help find internship to students who wish to do this.
- etc.

## Opportunity Board

The Opportunity Board is where students may find available jobs that the school requires to operate.

In order to graduate, a student must demonstrate their ability to run a business. The following skills are provided to all students, of legal working age:

- Accounting - Data entry, spreadsheet, balance books
- Acquisition - Purchase tools, food, etc. used to operate the school
- Chef / Line cook / Server - Prepare student lunches
- IT - Help administrators manage inventory, HW/SF installation, networking, etc.
- Janitorial - Clean all spaces not cleaned up by students. Hallways, bathrooms, etc.
- Landscaping - Removing debris, weeding, cutting bushes, refuse cleanup, etc.
- Mowing lawns - Mowing, trimming grass edges, removing debris
- Orientation - Helping new students become acquainted with the school
- Server Maintenance - Help maintain the servers that run the school's software
- Tutor - Help students learn skills you have already learned
- Web Design & Intranet - Manage our public and private facing websites

Students will be:

- Required to learn certain skills before they can start certain jobs
- Trained on the job
- Paid accordingly for their work
- Required to sign liability forms for certain jobs - e.g. operating lawn mowers

All equipment is provided. The monies collected will be deposited directly into a student's bank account that their parents setup. These monies will be used for

- Skill classes required for financial literacy - Saving, budgeting, etc.
- Preparing taxes

Ideally, we want to see students start their own independent businesses outside of school. But it's not required. Any experience collected outside of school will count towards their graduation credits.

It is not required that a job be performed on a daily basis. However, it must be routine and consistent. At least one job twice per week taking at least 2 hours.
