courses/computer-science/grade-01/01-introduction.md, before:

# Introduction

This is the beginning of your journey to learn how to program computers.

When you complete these courses, you will be able to find a job in software development.

## Tools

- A terminal
- Xcode
- The Base Project (it is in this repository that you downloaded)

## What is a Terminal?

TODO

## What is Xcode?

TODO

## Getting Started

- In Finder, open the `ComputerScience.xcworkspace` Xcode project.
- Tap the ⏵ button at the top left of the app.
- You should see Xcode build the app, launch a simulator, and run the app

Great! Your app is running. If Xcode fails to build the app **STOP** and let your teacher know.

Now we will run your app's tests. With Xcode open:

- Expand the `Grade1Tests` folder
- Tap on the `BeginHereTests` file
- Tap on the diamond ⏵ button next to the left of `final class BeginHereTests`

Very nice! You should see Xcode build your app, tests, and show the results of your test in the "Debug area".

### Debug Area

The Debug area is how we will know our tests pass. It will also show us what our app is doing.

When you ran the tests you should have seen the Debug area pop-up from the bottom. If it isn't up, enter `Command` + `Shift` + `y` to open the Debug area.

You should see the test results as well as "Hello, World" displayed somewhere in the Debug area.

### Test Files

- Expand the `Grade1Tests` folder.

You will notice several test files. Each of these files is a lesson that will teach you a new concept.

### Lessons

Within the `Grade1Tests` folder:

- Open `Lesson_01_VariablesTests`.

You will notice several tests within this lesson. Each test builds on the previous test. Therefore, please work on the lesson from top to bottom.

You will also notice that each test will explain a concept and asks you to write the code that will make the test pass.

- Tap on the diamond ⏵ next to the left of `final class Lesson_01_VariablesTests`

You should see Xcode build and run tests. Xcode should show several test errors. This is good! Now it's your turn to make them pass!

> Teacher: Help the student write the logic for the first test

> Tip: If tapping the ⏵ button is too cumbersome, you can re-run your last test by holding `Control` + `Option` + `Command` + `g`.

### What's Next?

Once you make all of the tests pass in the lesson, you can move to the next lesson.

Once all lessons are finished, you have passed Grade 1 and can move on to Grade 2!

Commit message:

Include only what is necessary for grade 1 users.

courses/computer-science/grade-01/01-introduction.md, after:

# Introduction

This is the beginning of your journey to learn how to program computers.

When you complete these courses, you will be able to find a job in software development.

## Tools

- Xcode
- The Base Project (it is in this repository that you downloaded)

## What is Xcode?

Xcode is an IDE (Integrated Development Environment) that helps you develop software.

## Getting Started

- In Finder, open the `grade-01/Grade1/Grade1.xcodeproj` Xcode project.
- Tap the ▷ button at the top left of the app.
- You should see Xcode build the app, launch a simulator, and run the app

Great! Your app is running. If Xcode fails to build the app **STOP** and let your teacher know.

Now we will run your app's tests. With Xcode open:

- Expand the `Grade1Tests` folder
- Tap on the `BeginHereTests` file
- Tap on the diamond ▷ button next to the left of `final class BeginHereTests`

Very nice! You should see Xcode build your app, tests, and show the results of your test in the "Debug area".

### Debug Area

The Debug area is how we will know our tests pass. It will also show us what our app is doing.

When you ran the tests you should have seen the Debug area pop-up from the bottom. If it isn't up, enter `Command` + `Shift` + `y` to open the Debug area.

You should see the test results as well as "Hello, World" displayed somewhere in the Debug area.

### Test Files

- Expand the `Grade1Tests` folder.

You will notice several test files. Each of these files is a lesson that will teach you a new concept.

### Lessons

Within the `Grade1Tests` folder:

- Open `Lesson_01_VariablesTests`.

You will notice several tests within this lesson. Each test builds on the previous test. Therefore, please work on the lesson from top to bottom.

You will also notice that each test will explain a concept and asks you to write the code that will make the test pass.

- Tap on the diamond ▷ next to the left of `final class Lesson_01_VariablesTests`

You should see Xcode build and run tests. Xcode should show several test errors. This is good! Now it's your turn to make them pass!

> Teacher: Help the student write the logic for the first test

> Tip: If tapping the ▷ button is too cumbersome, you can re-run your last test by holding `Control` + `Option` + `Command` + `g`.

### What's Next?

Once you make all of the tests pass in the lesson, you can move to the next lesson.

Once all lessons are finished, you have passed Grade 1 and can move on to Grade 2!
